Of all the things you've seen on television over the years, what has had the greatest impression and why?
Being a Welshman it would probably be Wales during the 70s and even the Grand Slams of
recent years. I mean, you know watching some of these fabulous players
like Gareth Edwards and Barry John and Phil Bennett
from the sporting point of view, yes that. From
more serious matters
probably it's got to be
the 9-11. I mean that was
horrific
and to think of what people had to suffer
and what people did suffer at that time
and
that was
I do remember that obviously and I feel that was significant.
A very significant thing that you could see live. You could see people being killed
sadly in an awful way live
terrorism brought into your front room and
when you see it like that it
yes, it's probably the most significant thing I've seen.
you